Episode 5
Love is Supposed to be Childish
Foot.
Foot... foot.
I got you today.
You made fun of me for getting drunk all the time?
You'll get it now.
Scared me.
Give me your foot.
Why does this punk keep moving?
This punk!  Hey!
I got hurt.  You'll get it from me when you wake up.
I'm letting you off this time cause you're drunk.
Oh, my back, oh, my back.
Here ... this way ... this way.
Oh my!
Are you asleep? Are you?
You sure  have weird drinking habits.
Dear God!
Please don't let me fall into temptation.
How can there be sexual assault in Sam Soon's life?
I beg of you.  Please.
Hee Jin.
Hee Jin? Which Hee Jin?
Kim Hee Jin or Yoo Hee Jin?
Don't confuse me and say it clearly.
Why won't you answer me?
Locking yourself in here, are you waiting for her?
I've hungered for a long time.
If you do this, it scares me.
These chocolates look delicious. Why don't we buy some?
Ya. Let's buy some for the kids.
They're even on sale today.
Only 99 cents per pound.
That's a very good price.
Let's buy three pounds.
Good idea.
Oh, let's save some.
Who said we are almost out of it?
You're acting crazy, totally crazy.
What do you think you're doing?
The ink on your licenses aren't even dried yet!
You wretch! You didn't hear me?
Are you awake?
Get up now.  We have to eat before going to work.
Drop the innocent act.
Why are you looking so shocked?
I found rice so I made rice and egg soup.
There are only eggs in your fridge.
What happened?
Your drunk habits are pretty bad too.
Hurry up!
Gosh, it's tiring.
I don't have much of an appetite.
Imagine your mouth as a trash bag and dump it in.
How ... did you bring me back here?
At the restaurant, the cab driver helped me.
Over here, the security ahjussi carried you up.
The security ahjussi  has a spare key to your apartment.
You're going to lose your blessing.  Stuff it in!
Does it taste good?
It's too bland.
There's no salt, so I boiled the water
that I washed my face with.
Maybe I should've washed my feet too.
Then, the flavor would have been perfect.
Did you really spend the night here?
Then did you think I went  home and came back
in the morning to make this egg soup?
Why should I?
And you were clinging onto me so I wouldn't leave.
You don't remember?
Me? Why?
Why?
That's something I want to ask.
Why did you do that?
You really don't remember?
Getting drunk and blacking out is ... fine.
But how could you be so into girls?
You were bothering me all night.
I couldn't even sleep a wink.
I'm so tired now.  My neck is sore.
What should we do?  What do we do?
Isn't it your mother?
What should we do?
Isn't it your mum? It is right?
I have something to tell you.
There's something you don't know.
I'll explain why I did what I did.
You weren't the only one in pain.
I was too...
Cake...?
Say it. What you came to say.
What is it you have to say?
Sorry, there's something the two of us need to talk about.
What?
Then, go ahead and talk.
Don't go.
She's my girlfriend.
Go ahead and say it when we're together.
I don't want to see other women
behind my girlfriend's back
♫  ♫ Your smile, which moves me who am  cold, ♫
♫ Opens my dark heart which was closed with everything for you♫
♫ Your love, which gives meaning to wretched me. ♫
♫ At the beginning, I sensed your fragrance which I could not understand. ♫
You like her, don't you?
Aren't you pretending to date me,
so you can wait for her to come back?
It's none of your business.
I don't want to care either.
But what is this? You made me into a fool!
I told you not to butt in!
Doing that is so cruel to a woman!
Do you know how hurt she'll be?
Hey! Go after her!
She said she has something to tell you!
Shut up!
Do you know how cruel that woman was?!
♫  Your smile, which moves me who am  cold, ♫
Fine.
Then let's break the contract.
There's nothing in the contract
that says you can use me for your love-problem!
Whatever!
What a Jerk!
♫ I felt it the first time from  your fragrance
which was unfamiliar. ♫
♫ The world with you there changes.  ♫
♫ Love can change.  ♫
♫ My dark heart which was closed opens everything for you.  ♫
♫  Your love which gives meaning to terrible me.  ♫
♫  I will give all of my shy heart
which was hiding to you.  ♫
♫  Your smile, which moves me who am  cold, ♫
It'll get better.  It'll get better.
It's a passing thing.  It'll pass soon.
Don't move that.
You, come with me.
Try some of this. It's too good.
Which table is this?
Table B3.
Move over.
Watch me.
When the batter doubles in size, brush on the
egg wash, and put it in the oven.
What's the oven temperature?
230 degrees.
-For how long?
-15 minutes.
And when you're cutting it, you have to do it  in one stroke.
If not, the shape will change.
I know, but I just can't do it right.
Practice and you'll get better.
I'll check up on you next week.
Don't burn it.
-Who's in charge of soup today?
-That's me.
Look at this. The water is boiling, isn't it?
Do it again.  And put in the beef.
Hurry up with it.
What are you doing?
See that? Now do right.  Do it right!
What?
Let's have lunch.
Put this away!
I was right.  I told you that his dark circles
are getting worse so we should be careful.
Hey fool.  Do you think just being careful will work?
The atmosphere is really bad.
It should blow up or something.
-Please clear this.
-Yes.
She didn't come home last night,
and her phone is still turned off.
So where's Sam Shik?
Hey... Hey.
Is this from Table B3?
What a strange woman. Why come to
a restaurant when you're not eating?
This is really good.
-I didn't order this.
-I know.
I noticed that you didn't touch your
dessert, so I made you something special.
Are you the chef?
Yes, excuse me.
I'm the head chef, Lee Hyung Woo.
I check if the customer leaves more than half on their plate.
I don't like crepes.
You barely touched the steak you ordered.
That...
Do I have to explain that?
No.
But if you don't mind, we'd love
your feedback, so we can improve...
Anyway, I didn't eat it all because I'm on a diet.
And take this too.
I don't eat flour products while I'm dieting.
I've just said it.
This is not just any crepe. It's done according to how crepes were made when it was first introduced.
It's something that's hard to taste now days?
But I don't like crepes.
How can you not like crepes?
What?
How can you not like such
sweet, fragrant, and soft crepes?
Hey, mister...
So because of dieting, you're giving up
the chance to taste a crepe of this caliber?
Miss, is there something wrong with your head?
-What did you say?
-Oh yes, diet!  Diet!
So you can flaunt your body.
Does it make sense to give up on the chance to try a crepe
that you can taste maybe once in your lifetime?
Mister, you're really...
Eat it.
-First, eat it.
I won't eat this.
You eat it yourself
Eat it!
-He finally exploded.
-It's better this way.
I knew something was going to happen
when he said he was going to make a special crepe.
She's not backing down either.
Are you President Bush, or something?
I'm going to avoid it today.
Where are you going? Eat it. Eat it before you go.
I'm trying to live peacefully,
but you're not cooperating!
-Let go of my hand
-Okay, okay.
I'm letting go, but first you have to eat this.
Director Lee, what is going on?
Supervisor Lee, come to your senses.  It's business hours.
And this is the front hall!
Where's Head Chef Lee?
Our Head Chef Lee? He's having a fight
What's this?
Sam Soon, you be careful too.
Mister, you're really... I won't eat it.
-Eat it! I said eat it!
-I'm not eating!
Unnie!
Unnie! What are you doing here?
Boss, what are you doing there?
Hold it! I haven't taken a good look at him yet.
He's good looking.
Good looking.
What kind of embarrassment is this at someone else's workplace?  You didn't even call first!
It wasn't my fault.
That flat face chef couldn't hold his own temper.
I can see how it went down.
You must've really provoked him.
What about you?
Why did you turn off your handphone?
Why didn't you come home last night?
Where were you last night?
Is Mom angry?
What did you do?
-Don't ask.
-You were with a guy?
-No
-Your expression says it all
Who is it? Do you really have a boyfriend?
No!  Just go.
Is it Sam Shik?
You were with Sam Shik, right?
Gosh! You are something.
Come on, tell me. What did you guys do?
Do what?
We just slept.
Not that kind!
Just sleeping, this kind of sleeping.
Are you guys really dating?
It's not like that.
Anyway, our boss has a girlfriend.
Girlfriend?
If he has a girlfriend, why is he pretending to date you?
How would I know?
Whatever!
The two of them...
they're really dating?
Gosh, don't be like this. I was wrong.
I don't care what you do in the kitchen.
But I'm responsible for the front hall.
Never seen a mob movie?
How could you mess with someone else's territory?
As an elder, but I failed to teach you well.
I should take the blame. I'll do the dishes for a week.
I beg you, please. I won't do it again
You said the same thing last time.
No... I'm sincere this time.
If I get even near the hall again,
then I'm a son of a b***h.
Why are you guys standing there? Come on and help.
Manager Lee, let's get out.
Let go of me.
You guys!
I really need to calm my temper down.
What are you looking at?
Get over here and do the dishes.
Did you go see Hee Jin?
Go meet her. When you meet her,
apologize for  what happened in the morning.
Explain to her that there's nothing between us.
Being in the middle puts me in an awkward position.
You were too much this morning.
You were being a coward, crude, ... and cruel.
What kind of a woman are you?
What? You?
Don't you have anything better to do?
How dare you talk down on me?
I told you not to meddle in this.
Then don't use me like that.
Who's the one that made me into a fool?
I will cooperate in all matters.
Don't you remember Clause 2?
I said I'd cooperate, but did I say you can use me?
-You should have said so earlier.
-Are you really going to act like this?
-So, I told you not to provoke me!
-Who started the provoking?
If you're going to be in a relationship, then
do it quietly.
Why are you dragging me into this?
Are you wielding power because you're in a relationship?
Do you want to brag that you're in a lover's quarrel?
It's not even funny.
Who hasn't been in love?
Love is love.
Why are you being so peculiar?
It's so disgusting. I can't even watch this.
If you're going to be like this let's just terminate the contract!
Sure, terminate it.
Fine, terminate it.
From now on, we've never signed any contract, but...
Pay back $50,000 right now.
You have a dog for a pet?
Your dog's named 50 grand?
To you, 50 grand might be nothing, but it's not for me.
My dad worked his entire life for that house.
But it may disappear because of the money.
Forget $50,000,
Some people kill themselves over $5000.
But what about you? Did you make that money?
You're living in luxury because of your rich parents.
There's nothing great about you!
I'm penniless. Do whatever you want!
I don't have the money now.
You can terminate it when I have money.
So, don't use me the way you did this morning.
But instead, I won't butt in your affairs.
According to the contract, I can cooperate.
If I feel like crap, I'll call it, 'use,'
and if not, I'll call it, 'cooperation'.
Do you understand?
And you...
Don't dare get informal with men once more.
Then I might kill you.  Got that?
We're not done.
You have to pay for the vase.
Don't worry.  I'll buy you the exact same one.
Flowers too.
Okay!!
Do you even know flowers?
What are you guys looking at? Eat your food.
Sorry about it.
I was rude to your sister.
That's okay.
My sister didn't do anything right either.
How can leave so much food when there are people starving everywhere at an expensive restaurant like this.
Does that even make sense?
True.
Thank you.
Here you go.
Aren't you a formal employee now?
Give that to the newbie.
Thank you.
-Miss Kim Sam Soon.
-Yes.
You responded to "Sam Soon".
I hereby announce Kim Hee Jin's real name.
Kim Sam Soon is Kim Hee Jin's real name.
She's not Kim Hee Jin but her name is Kim Sam Soon.
Sam Soon!
Manager Oh told us already.
I thought everyone knew.
Miss Yang Ja, maybe you're the only one who didn't know?
It's Captain Jang!
Sorry.
Captain Jang.  If you don't like your name,
you should change it, too.
Young Hee, Young Soon...
Young Soon's pretty good
You can name your daughter Young Soon.
Stop it already, Captain Jang.
I was planning to change my name,
but I'll use my real name.
Sorry I kept this from everyone.
Is this okay now?
Why would you change your name?
What's wrong with Sam Soon?
Sam Soon is way better than Hee Jin.
What kind of name is Hee Jin?
It's neither this or that.
Sam Soon is better, right everyone?
Miss Sam Soon. I like Sam Soon better.
Me too!  Sam Soon noona.
-Me too, Sam Soon noona.
-Me three, Sam Soon noona.
-Thank you for your hard work.
-Bye
See you tomorrow, Sam Soon.
What?
Your eyes don't hurt?
None of your business.
I think you are two years my junior.
Shouldn't you be calling me, Unnie.
Young Ja?
You lied to me, didn't you, Young Ja?
Says who?
It's fine if you didn't.
It'll be nice if you called me Unnie.
Young Ja.
What the heck.
Wench.  She's so cute.
What's the difference between her name and mine?
I know this seems abrupt, but can we talk?
Coincidentally, we share the same name.
That's... Yeah, that's right.
The cake was really good.
Asking to see me like this ... I'm sorry.
That's okay.
When did you guys start seeing each other?
Not long ago.
Just passed 100 days.
Since you've been at the restaurant?
Yes.
How much do you know about Jin Hyun?
Not much.
I've been to his home and he has a mom and a niece.
He has a lousy temper...
He was in a bad car accident few years ago,
and he must have hurt his legs a lot.
That's why he's afraid of driving.
-You've been to his house?
-Yes, to introduce myself.
They approved of you dating each other?
Yes, they said to first try dating.
Is Mi Joo doing okay?
Yes.
Can I ask you few questions now?
How long have has it been since you last met?
3 years.
You were far away?
Yes, I went to California.
Why did you go there?
Sorry about that.
But, you want to start again?
We never ended our relationship.
We didn't break up.
I was in an unavoidable situation,
so we were apart for 3 years.
Jin Hyun has a misunderstanding.
Has Jin Hyun ever mention me?
I guessed he must have had a girlfriend.
But he never personally mentioned it.
-Miss Kim Hee Jin.
-Yes.
Do you love Jin Hyun?
If you're going to be like this, we might as well terminate the contract.
Then, terminate it.
Fine, terminate it.
From now on, we never signed any contract, but...
pay back $50,000 right now.
Kim Hee Jin
Yes?
Keep on speaking.
So..., actually...
Actually, ...  I love him.
I ... the boss.  No...
I really love Jin Hyun.
So please don't come between us.
I understand how you feel.
But it's over now.
-It's not over.
-If it was 3 years ago, then it's been over.
I said we didn't break up.
That's just you want to believe.
Jin Hyun said he doesn't like you anymore.
He's just mad.
-Yoo Hee Jin.
-Yes, Kim Hee Jin.
You're pretty thick-skinned.
You don't call for 3 years.
And suddenly you appear and say you want him back.
What kind of situation is this?
-He was originally my man.
-Now, he is my man.
-We never broke up.
-But we are dating now.
It's just been 100 days.
But we've been together for more than 8 years.
You must not know because you're too young.
Memories are memories.
There's no strength in memories.
I don't have ill feelings towards you.
So just leave us alone.
I don't want to.
You leave.
You don't look like it but you're stubborn.
What should we do then? Split him in half?
Don't be childish.
Should I teach you one more thing?
Love is supposed to be childish.
I should be talking to him personally.
I made a mistake.
Sorry for taking up your time.
I'll go now.
I'll get it.
No, I asked you out, so I'll get it.
No.
I'm older so I got it.
I'll pay for it.
Let's split the bill.
Okay, I'll get yours, and you pay for mine.
Why?
This is what you call memories.
You wretch! Get out of the car!
What was I thinking?
What do you mean?
You put on a show.
You should have just made some excuses and left.
That's what I was going to to in the beginning. But what am I suppose to do when she keeps asking me questions?
-It's not a lie, right?
-About what?
You like Sam Shik?
What?
About that...
The chances of that happening is equivalent to
me attaining a road that I dig up.
You never know.
You might win it.
You think I'm LK?
You don't like him just a teeny bit?
-No.
-Why did you hesitate a bit?
I don't know.  The mask is getting all dried up.
Okay, so you don't.
But what's between them?
I'm getting curious.
Should we ask Young Suk?
Will Young Suk know?
They have things in common.
What field is Sam Shik's mom in?
Don't know. They are in some motel business.
What? Motel?
It doesn't suit him.
Don't ask. I'm not interested.
Then try to be interested from now on.
You never know. You might end up dating him for real.
I said I'm not!
Hello.
Are you okay?
Oh, no.  I was just trying to sleep.
Oh, sure. Okay, I have good news and bad news
so which one do you want to hear first?
Just the good news, please.
All right. The good news is
that I got six months off from work, finally.
Six months?
Yes, six months.It's like a sabbatical or something.
Well, congratulations. You really wanted that break.
I'm happy for you.
The bad news is that ...
I'm coming to Korea next week.
Not...
Like him..., not.
Not.
Not..., ever.
Yes, I wasn't jealous of her.
And it's not because I'm interested in crazy prince.
I'm just envious of their love.
I've been in love before.
But we don't have a song.
I don't even hate him now.
I'm just angry with them,
flaunting their love in front of me.
Are you that desperate to get married?
What are you doing in the moonlight?
You really startled me!
What are you doing here, like a ghost?
You're more like the ghost, an "old-maid" ghost.
Anyway, what are you doing out here at night?
I couldn't sleep.
-Give it to me, I'll do it.
-You don't know how to do it.
So, why didn't you marry a man
who would live with you for a long time.
Worry about yourself.
At least I was married once.
You're going to die before  getting married even once.
-You're stepping on my chili plants.
-Stop!  You startled me!
Why are there so many chilies?
It's everywhere.
Are you selling them or what?
Why would I do that?
I'll eat them all
So sneaky!
You're the sneaky one.
Do you know how good chilies taste in middle of the summer?
There ... we're done tying it up.
It's so pretty.
Now let's check Mi Joo's nails.
It looks good.
Today, we'll make checkered cookies,
and butterfly and rabbit shaped cookes.
It's me.
Did you find out about the girl that was here?
This is the guest list and seating plan
for Jang Chae Ri's engagement party.
Please be careful with the seating arrangement.
There are quite a few people who aren't on good terms.
I understand.
But,
The young lady who was here the other day.
She's the lady from a while ago, right?
How do you know that?
You don't know?
She came to see me several times.
For the first few days, she went on her knees,
begging me to forgive her.
Next few days, when I was sick and couldn't eat anything,
she came over, cooked porridge for me, and clean my house.
She sat next to me and cried.
I'm getting muddle-headed.
Don't worry about it. Get back to work.
Wrap this with cellophane and
put it in the fridge for 10 minutes.
This is tissue paper, tissue.
But it's not the one used in the washroom.
We're letting the breathe for a while.
That way, the cookies will be crispy and taste better.
What shall we do for the next 10 minutes?  Huh?
Mi Joo.
Is it fun baking cookies?
I'm curious to see the cookies Mi Joo will make.
-If you're curious, you can bake with us.
-What?
Mi Joo, shall we make cookies with uncle?
Put it down straight, it's all out of place.
What's that? It's all out of line.
Straight, in a neat way.
Come over and do this.
Go over.
Mi Joo, let me have a look.
Mi Joo. You have curly hair,  just like Momo.
Do you know who's Momo?
Momo is as tall as you are.
Momo has no house, and no mom and dad either.
Where's your mom and dad?
Kim Sam Soon.
I understand.
Let's start over.
Momo has no house, no grandmother or uncle.
Momo is a pitiful child.
But everyone loves Momo.
Because Momo is a good listener.
Not like this ... gently.
Momo doesn't talk.
Not because she doesn't know how to,
but because she really likes to listen to other people.
If anyone in her town has a problem,
she'll listen to them, all ears.
It's important to know how to be a good listener.
Then the town people,
no matter how difficult their problem is,
they go away feeling happier
as if the problem has been solved.
I wanted to be a person like that.  But,
I ended up becoming an adult, who only talks about herself.
You are like Momo sometimes
Really?
Momo must have been a brat.
What'd you say?
This ahjumma, really ...
Jerk, calling me Ahjumma.
You really look like Sam Shik now.
Isn't that our boss's laughter?
It sounds like Supervisor Lee's voice.
Can't you differentiate between the sounds of
a melting butter and a jade marble sliding down a silver plate?
-This is the first time I've heard the boss laugh..
-Me too.
Sometimes, he's like this when he's with his niece.
That old maid!
You know how to laugh?
This is the first time I'm seeing you laugh like that.
If you laugh like that, will they come to audit you?
I am an honest person.
Mi Joo made these?
Goodness, our Mi Joo knows how to make cookies well.
Did you find out?
It's Hee Jin.
Hee Jin? She's back?
-Yes.
-Then what happened?
I'm not sure.
We don't know what happened after they left together.
I told her so many times.
If she came back, she should've called me first.
-Does Jin Hyun know about that incident?
-No.
Hyun Suk, go find out Hee Jin's number.
-You want to see her?
-Of course.
I need to see her make sure she doesn't say anything.
Hello.
I'd like to rent a cellphone from you.
♫ I'm looking for this place. ♫
The phone number you dialed is turned off ...
♫ 이별은 한걸음 ♫
♫  x We're not crossing paths and only tears are flowing. ♫
♫ I can still remember how you look
even when I close my eyes. ♫
♫ The fire in your heart
which doesn't love me has been put out.♫
♫ My desire grows in the grief. ♫
♫ When I have to let you go although I love you. ♫
♫  Even If I can't see and even if I am shoved,
I  will never leave. ♫
♫  Don't be sad while time passes. ♫
♫  In between which we  alone don't know  ♫
Sorry.  Waiting outside was tiring.
How did you get in?
Our cellphone pin numbers were the same.
I took a chance and I tried those numbers.
Why didn't you change it?
Troublesome.
Is it only because of that?
Yes. Should there be anything else?
I saw Kim Hee Jin a few days ago.
Your mom approved?
Do you love her?
Will you marry her?
It has nothing to do with you.
What are you doing?
I didn't look at you properly the other day.
What did you want to say that day?
You said you had something to tell me.
About why you left me?
Did you have someone else?
Is that it?
You are just like the rest.
That's right! I'm just like anyone else.
A week after the accident,
you left without a word for studies that wren't even planned!
What kind of guy wouldn't think that.
I searched every colleges in US.
None had your name on the register.
I thought of you a hundred times,
a thousand times everyday.
Whether you left because you didn't want to
see a crippled man or if you had someone else?
In order to stop thinking of you,
I took sleeping pills and slept for a week.
I hated you even in my dreams,
and I came this far with that strength.
So tell me. What was  your reason?
I know, I know how difficult it was for you.
I know it too.
Don't put on a act, it disgusts me.
Get off.
Hurry up and get off.
Will you get off, will you break up with that woman?
-Get off.
-Are you going to break up?
-Get OFF!
-Get off!
-Say it first.
You get off first.
♫  I will give all of my shy heart
which was hiding to you.  ♫
♫ Your smile, which moves me who am  cold, ♫
♫ Opens my dark heart which was closed with everything for you♫
♫ Your love, which gives meaning to wretched me. ♫
♫I first felt it from your fragrance which was not familiar. ♫
♫ Time will pass so that I will change and change. ♫
♫ Oh, my world if full of the light which is falling and ♫
She is the girl what she is the one
♫ You change everything. ♫
♫  I will give all of my shy heart
which was hiding to you.  ♫
♫ Your smile moves me, who am cold.  ♫
Hello.
What's up?
I know I told you not to pick me up,
but I thought you might be there.
I still kind of expected you to come.
No?
Why's your phone off?
You don't like me?  Huh?
You okay?
What's wrong?
♫ I'm sorry.  It's not me. ♫
♫ I don't love you any more.  ♫
♫ While pushing me aside who am crying,  ♫
♫ You are looking at me who am breathless. ♫
♫ It's you. ♫
♫ Did you love me? ♫
♫ It's not that you don't remember me. ♫
♫ If I meet someone who resembles you in the next world,♫
♫ It will be you. ♫